<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 122</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-122" epub:type="chapter">


<hr/>
<h3><a id="link2H_FOOT" name="link2H_FOOT"></a>FOOTNOTES:</h3>
<p>
<a id="linknote-1" name="linknote-1">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
1 (<a href="#linknoteref-1">return</a>)<br/> [ “The wicked are great drinkers
of water; As the flood proved once for all.”]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-2" name="linknote-2">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
2 (<a href="#linknoteref-2">return</a>)<br/> [ $2,600,000 in 1894.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-3" name="linknote-3">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
3 (<a href="#linknoteref-3">return</a>)<br/> [ Knocked on the head.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-4" name="linknote-4">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
4 (<a href="#linknoteref-4">return</a>)<br/> [ Beheaded.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-5" name="linknote-5">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
5 (<a href="#linknoteref-5">return</a>)<br/> [ Scott, of course: “The son
of an ill-fated sire, and the father of a yet more unfortunate family, bore
in his looks that cast of inauspicious melancholy by which the
physiognomists of that time pretended to distinguish those
who were predestined to a violent and unhappy death.”—The
Abbot, ch. xxii.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-6" name="linknote-6">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
6 (<a href="#linknoteref-6">return</a>)<br/> [ Guillotine.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-7" name="linknote-7">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
7 (<a href="#linknoteref-7">return</a>)<br/> [ Dr. Guillotin got the idea of
his famous machine from witnessing an execution in Italy.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-8" name="linknote-8">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
8 (<a href="#linknoteref-8">return</a>)<br/> [ Brucea ferruginea.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-9" name="linknote-9">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
9 (<a href="#linknoteref-9">return</a>)<br/> [ ‘Money and sanctity,
Each in a moiety.’]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-10" name="linknote-10">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
10 (<a href="#linknoteref-10">return</a>)<br/> [ Elisabeth de Rossan,
Marquise de Ganges, was one of the famous women of the court of Louis XIV.
where she was known as “La Belle Provençale.” She was the widow
of the Marquis de Castellane when she married de Ganges, and having the
misfortune to excite the enmity of her new brothers-in-law, was forced by
them to take poison; and they finished her off with pistol and dagger.—Ed.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-11" name="linknote-11">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
11 (<a href="#linknoteref-11">return</a>)<br/> [ Magistrate and orator of
great eloquence—chancellor of France under Louis XV.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-12" name="linknote-12">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
12 (<a href="#linknoteref-12">return</a>)<br/> [ Jacques-Louis David, a famous
French painter (1748-1825).]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-13" name="linknote-13">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
13 (<a href="#linknoteref-13">return</a>)<br/> [ Ali Pasha, “The
Lion,” was born at Tepelini, an Albanian village at the foot of the
Klissoura Mountains, in 1741. By diplomacy and success in arms he became
almost supreme ruler of Albania, Epirus, and adjacent territory. Having
aroused the enmity of the Sultan, he was proscribed and put to death by
treachery in 1822, at the age of eighty.—Ed.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-14" name="linknote-14">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
14 (<a href="#linknoteref-14">return</a>)<br/> [ Greek militiamen in the war
for independence.—Ed.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-15" name="linknote-15">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
15 (<a href="#linknoteref-15">return</a>)<br/> [ A Turkish pasha in command of
the troops of a province.—Ed.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-16" name="linknote-16">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
16 (<a href="#linknoteref-16">return</a>)<br/> [ The god of fruitfulness in
Grecian mythology. In Crete he was supposed to be slain in winter with the
decay of vegetation and to revive in the spring. Haydée’s learned
reference is to the behavior of an actor in the Dionysian festivals.—Ed.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-17" name="linknote-17">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
17 (<a href="#linknoteref-17">return</a>)<br/> [ The Genoese conspirator.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-18" name="linknote-18">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
18 (<a href="#linknoteref-18">return</a>)<br/> [ Lake Maggiore.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-19" name="linknote-19">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
19 (<a href="#linknoteref-19">return</a>)<br/> [ In the old Greek legend the
Atreidae, or children of Atreus, were doomed to punishment because of the
abominable crime of their father. The <i>Agamemnon</i> of Aeschylus is based
on this legend.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-20" name="linknote-20">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
20 (<a href="#linknoteref-20">return</a>)<br/> [ The performance of the
civil marriage.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-21" name="linknote-21">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
21 (<a href="#linknoteref-21">return</a>)<br/> [ In Molière’s
comedy, <i>Le Misanthrope</i>.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-22" name="linknote-22">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
22 (<a href="#linknoteref-22">return</a>)<br/> [ Literally, “the
basket,” because wedding gifts were originally brought in such a receptacle.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-23" name="linknote-23">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
23 (<a href="#linknoteref-23">return</a>)<br/> [ Germain Pillon was a famous
French sculptor (1535-1598). His best known work is “The Three
Graces,” now in the Louvre.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-24" name="linknote-24">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
24 (<a href="#linknoteref-24">return</a>)<br/> [ Frédérick Lemaître—French
actor (1800-1876). Robert Macaire is the hero of two favorite
melodramas—“Chien de Montargis” and “Chien
d’Aubry”—and the name is applied to bold criminals as a
term of derision.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-25" name="linknote-25">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
25 (<a href="#linknoteref-25">return</a>)<br/> [ The Spahis are French
cavalry reserved for service in Africa.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-26" name="linknote-26">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
26 (<a href="#linknoteref-26">return</a>)<br/> [ <i>Savate</i>: an old shoe.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-27" name="linknote-27">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
27 (<a href="#linknoteref-27">return</a>)<br/> [ Guilbert de Pixérécourt,
French dramatist (1773-1844).]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-28" name="linknote-28">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
28 (<a href="#linknoteref-28">return</a>)<br/> [ Gaspard Puget, the
sculptor-architect, was born at Marseilles in 1615.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-29" name="linknote-29">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
29 (<a href="#linknoteref-29">return</a>)<br/> [ The Carolina—not
Virginia—jessamine, <i>gelsemium sempervirens</i> (properly speaking
not a jessamine at all) has yellow blossoms. The reference is no doubt
to the <i>Wistaria frutescens</i>.—Ed.]
</p>
<p>
<a id="linknote-30" name="linknote-30">
<!--  Note --> </a>
</p>
<p class="foot">
30 (<a href="#linknoteref-30">return</a>)<br/> [ The miser in Molière’s
comedy of <i>L’Avare</i>.—Ed.]
</p>

</body>
</html>
</section></body></html>